picker: snacks: allow passing snacks layout options (#90)
dhananjaylatkar/cscope_maps.nvim: README.md

    picker_opts = {
      window_size = 5, -- any positive integer
      window_pos = "bottom", -- "bottom", "right", "left" or "top"
      -- options for Snacks picker (---@class snacks.picker.Config)

>       snacks_opts = {}, -- pass-through options for of Snacks picker -- passed to Snacks.picker()

Reviewer: would it be better if  `snacks_opts` is renamed to `snacks` considering it's already inside `picker_opts`?
```suggestion
      -- pass-through options for of Snacks picker
      snacks = {}, -- snacks config
```
